---
layout: post
title:  "be original, be yourself"
date:   2003-05-29 16:00:00 -0700
categories: update
---
5/15/2003   
u village starbucks, seattle   

be original, be yourself! i have heard more than   
a couple hundred times that there are no more original   
ideas to be dreamed under this sky of ours... but   
do you honestly believe that you have lived before? and   
in the same circumstance? if you believe to be unique,  
then everyday, an original idea is born... take heed   
of this and be glad, for a newborn child is the   
hope by which we can grasp and understand...   

in an effort to be human, we forget to realize that   
we are surrounded by other humans as well... let it   
be said, that the greatest crime in life is the lack of  
awareness of one's heart, for we are lead to believe  
that it is weak, that it is prone to error when  
a human being puts one's heart above one's better  
judgement... but i want to rebel against this inhumane  
idea! let it be known, that i will follow my heart to the   
glories of heaven and the misery of hell... if only  
to taste what is left of my tears of both sorrow  
and joy that has visited my human face  

what is life but the reason by which we have taken  
the first leap of faith, the first choice and some  
may call it, the original sin... but why is it a sin  
to take a breath? why is it called a sin to yearn  
to exist? if not for a brief moment in one's time  
on earth but also through the memories of one's glory   
days and past mistakes! but who will remember the  
days when one only takes a shallow wade through the  
ocean of life? who will remember the nights when  
one has forgotten to appreciate the ground by which  
dreams or even nightmares play? aye, let me have  
a reason to fear death so that i may appreciate  
eternity... let me have a reason to celebrate my  
past, so i may bring my lessons with me to the  
realm of all things known... let me have hope so i  
may wake up from boredom and see the truth right  
in front of me... my fellow human being, learn to swim!   

my shadow will follow where i will walk... i alone   
know my own path for the reasons i have reached   
where i am is the result of who i am... i cannot lay   
blame on anyone... i try not to use my toungue to   
speak ill will of my fellow students of life... how can   
i judge when i am also guilty of not knowing everything?   
hold on for a moment and learn how to take a breath...   
now that you have, that is all yours to take freely,   
now, how then can you take away someone else's right   
of the very same breath?   

the goal in life is to become one's own hero... why  
does one search for things that can never be reached?   
how come the nearest heart and mind be the same ones so  
far away? don't be tempted of admiration of others  
unless they inspire you to appreciate what you  
have... i have met a few, i have conversed with fewer,  
and each one is as unique and special as a moment  
ticking away... why waste time being lost when you  
know where you stand at all times? be glad that you  
have a shadow! be glad that there exists a mirror!  
are you now ready to take a step?  

how can one ask for eternity, if one doesn't appreciate  
the very short time that they have in this human body?  
for i believe that we are here to learn to appreciate  
what we have long ago lost to boredom, indifference or  
some other personal version of hell... yes, it is hell  
when one does not know how to appreciate each moment  
passing by... if we must compare, compare the lessons  
that you have learned in the past and the lessons that  
you are learning right now... don't be afraid...  
we are only human...  

have you learned your lesson, good... then learn some  
more... if not, continue asking questions, the first  
lesson is to learn how to ask politely, the second  
lesson is to learn what to ask... you will know the  
third lesson when the time comes... alas, learn not  
to waste time, that is a lesson that you should have  
learned already...  

5/16/2003  
my home, seattle   

now i will speak of love... when i fall in love, it will  
hurt, for i know that this woman will make me blind...  
for each moment of each day, i see beauty that surrounds   
tempting me, but when i fall in love, beauty will lose   
all meaning, my dreams will lose all their luster,   
heaven and the gods will lose their mastery over me...   
so i will ask for forgiveness beforehand, and   
you will know when it will happen for you will not    
hear of my footsteps anymore... i will be floating on   
clouds so high that i will have no need of walking...  

5/17/2003  
my home, seattle   

you ask me to find balance, yet you tell me to try my best?  

5/18/2003  
my home, seattle  

if you want to understand God, Allah, Buddha, etc.. converse with  
a parent, grandparent, or a couple that have just fallen in Love...  
if you want to understand Jesus, Muhammed, Abraham, etc... converse with   
your favorite teacher or your best friend   
if you want to understand indifference, converse with  
the sun, the moon, the stars, a diamond, an earthquake or a volcano  
if you want to understand yourself, converse with  
a child and listen to the conversation between your heart and mind  
now you know why it is very important to learn how to converse...  

5/18/2003  
alki beach, seattle  

and stop being confused, heaven and hell are just adjectives  

5/18/2003  
while driving, seattle  

now, i sometimes wonder if Jesus, Muhammed or Buddha ever farted...  

5/19/2003  
my home, seattle  

it might be of interest for all text or songs that mentions  
God, Allah, Buddha, Yahweh, Jehovah, Gia etc...  
to just bluntly use the word LOVE instead...  
why? why not?  

i have heard people say that my words are too deep,  
but i don't understand... the words that i have written  
barely scratches the ocean of thoughts that i'm drowned in,  
in every moment of each day and i only write them like a whale  
taking a breather to say hi to the friendly sky...  

5/20/2003  
my home, seattle  

it is of my humble opinion that a major cause of suffering  
is indifference... nature is very indifferent... but i don't  
understand why a human heart could ever have the capacity  
for indifference... to feel is the very reason that separates  
us from the coldness and boredom of an indifferent universe...  

i often been asked which came first, the chicken or the egg  
i don't know, i don't know how to converse with a chicken or an egg...  
ask yourself though, which came first, the mother or the child?  
before the child existed, the mother is but a woman,  
before the mother could exist, she needed her child  
also, ask yourself, which came first, the teacher or the student?  

i should learn sign language...  

5/21/2003  
my home, seattle  

conversing with a rock is boring...  
i guess indifference is boring as well..  

some friends have said that my thoughts are dangerous,  
but aren't we all going to die?  
so i say, live life or die trying...  

5/23/2003  

"love thy neighbor as you love yourself", what a  
wonderful rule... what an amazing idea... but i ask...  
who is my neighbor and who am i? before i can love  
both, don't i need to know them first?  

i've been thinking a lot about the afterlife  
that one day i just got tired of it,  
then i started thinking about life  
and enjoyed that train of thought for a while  
yet my mind wanted to rest for a moment, so not  
wanting to dwell with the profound thoughts of  
the afterlife again, my mind wandered into a  
thought i never fully explored before and  
it's the thought of the existence of the beforelife  
my mind has been always too preoccupied with what's after  
that it never had the chance to taste the ideas of  
what was before and as my dreams about the beforelife  
became clearer, somethings started to make sense...  

what if we had all the rewards promised in the afterlife  
before we have chosen to be born in this body?  
it may be possible that we all got bored with it and  
here in our life, we will learn how to appreciate  
what we already had? this idea made me remember  
an older thought that visited my mind a while back...  

"the grass is only greener on the other side of the fence  
unless one waters the grass around them..."  

but what of suffering in this world? a question was  
asked... suffering is a direct result of only two  
things, indifference from nature and indifference  
from the human heart... we have little control of  
nature but we are all humans born with feelings,  
so we might as well figure how to conquer indifference  
in our hearts in the limited time that we have...  
we wont know until we try...  

i wonder if "respect every one, as you respect yourself"  
would be a lot easier to understand  

5/29/2003  

It occured to me today that I spent too much time  
thinking about death and sadness... that I never  
thought of the fact that I could have never existed!  
What a life that would have been...  

to not know...  
to not reason...  
to not feel hurt...  
to not feel love..  
to not have friends...  
to not learn...  
to not dance...  
to not question...  

So if one just contemplated this for one second of  
each day, the act of breathing just suddenly feels  
like being in heaven...  