---
layout: post
title:  "The Jailer and The Prisoner"
date:   2008-03-03 16:00:00 -0700
categories: update
---
Forgiveness is a patient word that begs to be said when sorrow alone decides it can be uttered.

The crimes of your own sorrows cannot be held responsible by the jury of your own emotions. All alone you build the prison walls that one day will gladly be torn down by you and knowing this, you intentionally did not make the fourth wall so you can walk away when you are ready.

But can you, the jailer, really imprisoned? Sadly, your stubbornness is making you not want to face the invisible wall that is your freedom.

The elderly and the wise – they are not the same – can easily laugh at this for they have made such prisons before and they have learned to distinguish between the mask of the jailer and that of the prisoner. Here's a truth about the wise, they make their prison walls with ladders so they are always reminded of their freedom which ever direction they are facing.

As the prisoner, you wait for the brilliant rescue by your friends. Blessed are our hearts for desiring the need to be needed by friends. You have given them detailed maps to where you are suffering since a daring prison escape is a grand story waiting to be told. Just wait in hope that your friends like to play the game with you and not ruin the gallant rescue attempt by not telling you right away that you are both the prisoner and the jailer.

And if you really wanted to be free, your jailer-self can command this and freedom will again be yours at the very moment when you have forgiven yourself.